Complete LRE user guide (#2542)
unitaryfund/mitiq: docs/source/guide/lre-3-options.md

---
jupytext:
 text_representation:
   extension: .md
   format_name: myst
   format_version: 0.13
   jupytext_version: 1.11.1
kernelspec:
 display_name: Python 3
 language: python
 name: python3
---

# What additional options are available when using LRE?

In [](lre-1-intro.md), {func}`.execute_with_lre` was used to calculated the error mitigated expectation values
In this section, we will outline the optional arguments that can be used and adjusted with this technique.

```
from mitiq.lre import execute_with_lre

lre_value = execute_with_lre(
   circuit,
   executor,
   degree,
   fold_multiplier,
   folding_method = <"noise scaling method imported from zne.scaling.folding">,
   num_chunks = <"group a large circuit into a circuit with fewer layers">
)

> ```

Author: We don't want this cell to be executed during the docs build.

> ```

Reviewer: I had the impression that the suggestion above only highlights the code, but does not make it executable (we aren't using the `{code-cell}` tag). Did you find otherwise when trying it?

> The options that can be used to control the hyperparameters are:

Author: yes

- The term $1$ in the monomial terms basis corresponds to the `degree = 0` term in the polynomial which is equivalent to
the $\lambda_1^0\lambda_2^0\lambda_3^0\lambda_4^0$ term. Due to this term, the first noise-scaled circuit is unchanged.

- due to the $λ_1$ term in the monomial basis, the second noise-scaled circuit only scales the first layer in the circuit.

- due to the $λ_2$ term in the monomial basis, the next noise-scaled circuit only scales the second layer in the circuit

- and so on.

```{code-cell} ipython3
print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: {len(scale_factors)}")
```

As the `fold_multiplier` is changed, the number of scaled circuits remains the same but how the layers are scaled
is altered.

```{code-cell} ipython3

scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier = get_scale_factor_vectors(
   circuit,
   degree=2,
   fold_multiplier=3)

print(f"Total number of noise-scaled circuits created with different fold_multiplier:" 
      f"{len(scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier)}")

print(f"Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree=2 and fold_multiplier=2: \n {scale_factors[-2]}")

> print(f"Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree= 2 but fold_multiplier=3: \n {scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier[-2]}")

Reviewer: Make sure the lines fit on the screen here without horizontal scroll needed.

```

Both the number of noise scaled circuits and scale factor vectors are changed when a different value for `degree` is used while keeping everything else the same.

```{code-cell} ipython3

scale_factors_diff_degree = get_scale_factor_vectors(
   circuit,
   degree=3,
   fold_multiplier=2)
```

```{code-cell} ipython3

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: {len(scale_factors_diff_degree)}")

> ```

Reviewer: merge cells

Thus, even though `degree` and `fold_multiplier` are required to use {func}`.execute_with_lre`, they function as a tunable
hyperparameter affecting the performance of the technique.

### Noise scaling method

The default choice for unitary folding in {func}`.execute_with_lre` and {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling` is
{func}`.fold_gates_at_random()`.

However there are two other choices as well: {func}`.fold_all()` and {func}`.fold_global()` which can be used for the
`folding_method` parameter in {func}`.execute_with_lre`.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from mitiq.lre.multivariate_scaling import multivariate_layer_scaling
from mitiq.zne.scaling import fold_all, fold_global

# apply local folding
local_fold_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2,
 folding_method = fold_all)[5]

# apply global folding
global_fold_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2,
 folding_method = fold_global)[5]

print("original circuit: ", circuit ,sep="\n")
print("Noise scaled circuit created using local unitary folding: ", local_fold_circ ,sep="\n")

> print("Noise scaled circuit created using global unitary folding: ", global_fold_circ ,sep="\n")

Reviewer: I think the intended output might be different from what is being displayed currently.

```
original circuit: 
0: ───H───@───────────
          │
1: ───────X───@───────
              │
2: ───────────@───@───
                  │
3: ───────────────X───
Noise scaled circuit created using local unitary folding: 
0: ───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───@───────────
                                          │
1: ───────────────────────────────────────X───@───────
                                              │
2: ───────────────────────────────────────────@───@───
                                                  │
3: ───────────────────────────────────────────────X───
Noise scaled circuit created using global unitary folding: 
0: ───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───H───@───────────
                                          │
1: ───────────────────────────────────────X───@───────
                                              │
2: ───────────────────────────────────────────@───@───
                                                  │
3: ───────────────────────────────────────────────X───
```

Author: that's because for the chosen hyperparameters, the output from the two folding methods are identical.

Reviewer: Then we should choose different parameters, right?

Author: Since the layers in the circuit are folded by layers, `fold_global` and `fold_local` will be the same for a non-chunked circuit. I am moving this section to after the circuit chunking section.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to state that, rather than demonstrate it.

Author: too late :)

it didn't take a lot except moving it the other section.

   circuit,
   degree=2,
   fold_multiplier=2,
   num_chunks=2)

scale_factors_with_chunking
```

Thus, the total number of noise-scaled circuits is reduced by chunking the circuit into fewer layers to be folded.

```{code-cell} ipython3

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits with chunking: {len(scale_factors_with_chunking)}")

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits without chunking: {len(scale_factors)}")

```

How the noise-scaled circuits are chunked differs greatly as each chunk in the circuit is now equivalent to a layer to be folded via unitary folding.

```{code-cell} ipython3

# apply chunking
chunked_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2,
 num_chunks = 2)[1]

# skip chunking
non_chunked_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2)[1]

print("original circuit: ", circuit ,sep="\n")
print("Noise scaled circuit created with chunking: ", chunked_circ ,sep="\n")
print("Noise scaled circuit created without chunking: ", non_chunked_circ ,sep="\n")

```

This section showed how to tune the performance of the technique by using the non-default options as well as controlling

> the default options. An in-depth discussion on these is provided in [](lre-4-low-level.md)

Reviewer: I think it's more accurate to say we showed how the vary the parameters of the technique and what they do. As for how it alters the performance is still somewhat unknown (and no claims were made about performance besides the note about chunking).

---
jupytext:
 text_representation:
   extension: .md
   format_name: myst
   format_version: 0.13
   jupytext_version: 1.11.1
kernelspec:
 display_name: Python 3
 language: python
 name: python3
---

# What additional options are available when using LRE?

In [](lre-1-intro.md), {func}`.execute_with_lre` was used to calculated the error mitigated expectation values

> of an input circuit with the default parameters. In this section we will detail the optional arguments this technique can be used, and tuned with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, we will outline the optional arguments that can be used and adjusted with this technique.
```

```
from mitiq.lre import execute_with_lre

lre_value = execute_with_lre(
   circuit,
   executor,
   degree,
   fold_multiplier,
   folding_method = <"noise scaling method imported from zne.scaling.folding">,
   num_chunks = <"group a large circuit into a circuit with fewer layers">
)
```

The options that can be used to control the hyperparameters are:

- `degree` of the extrapolating polynomial

> - `fold_multiplier` to control how a circuit is scaled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `fold_multiplier` to control how the circuit is scaled
```

- `folding_method` to choose the unitary folding method
- `num_chunks` to alter the sampling cost

## Controlling how the noise-scaled circuits are created

### Extrapolating polynomial

Depending on the choice of the degree of the polynomial, how each noise-scaled circuit is scaled varies. This
in turn influences how the sample matrix for multivariate Richardson extrapolation is created.

> Suppose we have an input circuit of 4 layers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Suppose we have an input circuit consisting of 4 layers.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
from cirq import LineQubit, Circuit, CZ, CNOT, H

q0, q1, q2, q3  = LineQubit.range(4)
circuit = Circuit(
   H(q0),
   CNOT.on(q0, q1),
   CZ.on(q1, q2),
   CNOT.on(q2, q3),
)

print(circuit)
```

> How the circuits are scaled is controlled by `degree`, `fold_multiplier` and number of layers in the input circuit. We choose

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
How the circuits are scaled is controlled by `degree`, `fold_multiplier`, and the number of layers in the input circuit. We choose
```

`degree = 2` and `fold_multiplier=2` for demonstration purposes.

```{code-cell} ipython3

> degree = 2

Reviewer 2: Seems odd to define them here if we just hardcode these values directly as arguments to the function later.

Author: yes, it's a leftover. I was planning to define variables for the values I used, scrapped that idea.

fold_multiplier = 2
```

For `degree = 2`, the terms in the monomial basis are given below where the subscripts correspond to the 4 layers in the
circuit.

> $$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_3, λ_4, λ_1^2, λ_1 . λ_2, λ_1 . λ_3, λ_1 . λ_4, λ_2^2, λ_2 . λ_3, λ_2 . λ_4, λ_3^2, λ_3 . λ_4, λ_4^2\}$$

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_3, λ_4, λ_1^2, λ_1 λ_2, λ_1 λ_3, λ_1 λ_4, λ_2^2, λ_2 λ_3, λ_2 λ_4, λ_3^2, λ_3 λ_4, λ_4^2\}$$
```

```{seealso}
These terms in the monomial basis are also used to define the rows of the sample matrix used for extrapolation.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
from mitiq.lre.multivariate_scaling import get_scale_factor_vectors

scale_factors = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree = 2, fold_multiplier = 2)

scale_factors
```

In the noise scaled circuits created using the above scale factor vectors:

- The term $1$ in the monomial terms basis corresponds to the `degree = 0` term in the polynomial which is equivalent to

> $\lambda_1^0\lambda_2^0\lambda_3^0\lambda_4^0$ term. Due to this term, the first noise-scaled circuit is unchanged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the $\lambda_1^0\lambda_2^0\lambda_3^0\lambda_4^0$ term. Due to this term, the first noise-scaled circuit is unchanged.
```

- due to the $λ_1$ term in the monomial basis, the second noise-scaled circuit only scales the first layer in the circuit.

- due to the $λ_2$ term in the monomial basis, the next noise-scaled circuit only scales the second layer in the circuit

- and so on.

```{code-cell} ipython3

> print("total number of noise scaled circuits created = ", len(scale_factors))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: {len(scale_factors)}")
```

```

As the `fold_multiplier` is changed, the number of scaled circuits remains the same but how the layers are scaled
is altered.
```{code-cell} ipython3

scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree = 2, fold_multiplier = 3)

> print("total number of noise scaled circuits created with different fold_multiplier = ", len(scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
print(f"Total number of noise-scaled circuits created with different fold_multiplier: {len(scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier)}")
```

> print("Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree = 2 and fold_multiplier = 2 : ", scale_factors[-2] ,sep="\n")

Reviewer 2: Consider f-strings for these as well

print("Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree = 2 but fold_multiplier = 3 : ", scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier[-2] ,sep="\n")
```

Both the number of noise scaled circuits and scale factor vectors are changed when a different value for `degree` is used while keeping everything else the same.

```{code-cell} ipython3

> scale_factors_diff_degree = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree = 3, fold_multiplier = 2)

Reviewer 2: (PEP-8 style thing):
```suggestion
scale_factors_diff_degree = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree=3, fold_multiplier=2)
```

```

```{code-cell} ipython3

> print("total number of noise scaled circuits created = ", len(scale_factors_diff_degree))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: {len(scale_factors_diff_degree)}")
```

```

Thus, even though `degree` and `fold_multiplier` are required to use {func}`.execute_with_lre`, they function as a tunable
hyperparameter affecting the performance of the technique.

### Noise scaling method

The default choice for unitary folding in {func}`.execute_with_lre` and {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling` is
{func}`.fold_gates_at_random()`.

However there are two other choices as well: {func}`.fold_all()` and {func}`.fold_global()` which can be used for the
`folding_method` parameter in {func}`.execute_with_lre`.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from mitiq.lre.multivariate_scaling import multivariate_layer_scaling
from mitiq.zne.scaling import fold_all, fold_global

# apply local folding
local_fold_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2,

>  folding_method = fold_all)[5]

Reviewer 2: Why is the `[5]` index being used here (and below)?

Author: typo, should have been `[1]`

print("Noise scaled circuit created using global unitary folding: ", global_fold_circ ,sep="\n")

```

## Chunking a circuit into fewer layers

When you have a large circuit, the size of the sample matrix increases as the number of monomial terms scale polynomially. The size of the sample matrix influences sampling cost. In such a case, a circuit of 100 layers could be grouped into 4 chunks where each chunk consists of multiple collated layers. The noise scaling function {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling`
treats each chunk as a layer to be scaled when the parameter `num_chunks` is used. Thus, for the 100 layer circuit grouped into 4 chunks with `degree = 2` and `fold_multiplier = 2`, only 15 noise-scaled circuits are created i.e. sample matrix is reduced to dimension $15 \times 15$.

```{caution}
Reducing the sampling cost by chunking the circuit can affect the performance of the technique.
```

Suppose we want to chunk our example circuit into 2 chunks while using `degree = 2` and
`fold_multiplier = 2`. The sample matrix defined by the monomial terms is reduced in size as chunking the circuit
will create a new monomial basis for the extrapolating polynomial.

> $$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_1^2, λ_1 . λ_2, λ_2^2\}$$

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_1^2, λ_1 λ_2, λ_2^2\}$$
```

The scale factor vectors change as shown below:

```{code-cell} ipython3

> scale_factors_with_chunking = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree = 2, fold_multiplier = 2, num_chunks = 2)

Reviewer 2: PEP-8 thing again:
```suggestion
scale_factors_with_chunking = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree=2, fold_multiplier=2, num_chunks=2)
```

```

> Thus, the total number of noise-scaled circuits is reduced by ….

Reviewer 2: Was this (`….` left over? (or TBD?):

Author: left over

---
jupytext:
 text_representation:
   extension: .md
   format_name: myst
   format_version: 0.13
   jupytext_version: 1.11.1
kernelspec:
 display_name: Python 3
 language: python
 name: python3
---

# What additional options are available when using LRE?

> In [](lre-1-intro.md), {func}`.execute_with_lre` was used to calculated the error mitigated expectation values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [](lre-1-intro.md), {func}`.execute_with_lre` was used to calculated the error mitigated expectation values.
```

In this section, we will outline the optional arguments that can be used and adjusted with this technique.

```python
lre_value = mitiq.lre.execute_with_lre(
    circuit,
    executor,
    degree,
    fold_multiplier,
    folding_method=<"noise scaling method imported from zne.scaling.folding">,
    num_chunks=<"number of chunks to group a large circuit into">,
)
```

The hyperparameters that can be controlled are:

- `degree`: to modify the extrapolating polynomial
- `fold_multiplier`: to control how the circuit is scaled
- `folding_method`: to choose the unitary folding method
- `num_chunks`: to alter the sampling cost

## Controlling how the noise-scaled circuits are created

### Extrapolating polynomial

> Depending on the choice of the degree of the polynomial, how each noise-scaled circuit is scaled varies. This
> in turn influences how the sample matrix for multivariate Richardson extrapolation is created.
> 
> 
> Suppose we have an input circuit consisting of 4 layers.

Reviewer: The sample matrix should mostly be hidden from the user, right? I don't think the sentence I suggested to remove below has much value for a reader. If you want to keep it, can we rework it? What do you want them to gain?

```suggestion
The chosen degree of the extrapolating polynomial effects the way in which circuits get scaled, as we'll see below.
For this example, we'll define a circuit consisting of 4 layers.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
from cirq import LineQubit, Circuit, CZ, CNOT, H

q0, q1, q2, q3  = LineQubit.range(4)
circuit = Circuit(
   H(q0),
   CNOT.on(q0, q1),
   CZ.on(q1, q2),
   CNOT.on(q2, q3),
)

print(circuit)
```

> How the circuits are scaled is controlled by `degree`, `fold_multiplier`, and the number of layers in the input circuit. We choose `degree = 2` and `fold_multiplier = 2` for demonstration purposes.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: This is a repeat of what is above and below.
```suggestion
```

> For `degree = 2`, the terms in the monomial basis are given below where the subscripts correspond to the 4 layers in the
> circuit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `degree = 2`, the terms in the monomial basis are given below.
Here, $\lambda_i$ refers to the folding factor for the $i$-th layer.
```

$$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_3, λ_4, λ_1^2, λ_1 λ_2, λ_1 λ_3, λ_1 λ_4, λ_2^2, λ_2 λ_3, λ_2 λ_4, λ_3^2, λ_3 λ_4, λ_4^2\}$$

```{seealso}
These terms in the monomial basis are also used to define the rows of the sample matrix used for extrapolation.
```

```{code-cell} ipython3
from mitiq.lre.multivariate_scaling import get_scale_factor_vectors

scale_factors = get_scale_factor_vectors(circuit, degree=2, fold_multiplier=2)

> scale_factors

Reviewer: I know this works, but it looks unfinished IMO.

```suggestion
print(scale_factors)
```

```

> In the noise scaled circuits created using the above scale factor vectors:

Reviewer: 1. A comment as to where the numbers 5 and 9 come from in the above `scale_factors` variable is needed.
2. Correct me if I'm wrong, but at this point in the user guide, the reader might not know what relation the monomial basis has to scale factors. It's probably worth calling out that relationship. Otherwise it might seems confusing why you jumped straight from monomials to scale factors.

- The term $1$ in the monomial terms basis corresponds to the `degree = 0` term in the polynomial which is equivalent to
the $\lambda_1^0\lambda_2^0\lambda_3^0\lambda_4^0$ term. Due to this term, the first noise-scaled circuit is unchanged.

- due to the $λ_1$ term in the monomial basis, the second noise-scaled circuit only scales the first layer in the circuit.

- due to the $λ_2$ term in the monomial basis, the next noise-scaled circuit only scales the second layer in the circuit

- and so on.

```{code-cell} ipython3
print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: {len(scale_factors)}")

> ```

Reviewer: Good place to comment on the fact that `# of circuits = (degree + depth) choose (depth)`.

As the `fold_multiplier` is changed, the number of scaled circuits remains the same but how the layers are scaled
is altered.

```{code-cell} ipython3

> scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier = get_scale_factor_vectors(
>    circuit,
>    degree=2,
>    fold_multiplier=3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier = get_scale_factor_vectors(
    circuit,
    degree=2,
    fold_multiplier=3,
)
```

There are a few other places in this PR where 3 spaces are used for indentation. Can you change them to 4?

print(f"Total number of noise-scaled circuits created with different" 
      f" fold_multiplier: {len(scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier)}")

print(f"Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree=2 "
      f"and fold_multiplier=2: \n {scale_factors[-2]}")

print(f"Scale factor for some noise scaled circuit with degree= 2 "
     f"but fold_multiplier=3:  \n {scale_factors_diff_fold_multiplier[-2]}")
```

Both the number of noise scaled circuits and scale factor vectors are changed when a different value for `degree` is used while keeping everything else the same.

```{code-cell} ipython3

scale_factors_diff_degree = get_scale_factor_vectors(
   circuit,
   degree=3,
   fold_multiplier=2)

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits created: "
      f"{len(scale_factors_diff_degree)}")
```

Thus, even though `degree` and `fold_multiplier` are required to use {func}`.execute_with_lre`, they function as a tunable
hyperparameter affecting the performance of the technique.

## Chunking a circuit into fewer layers

> When you have a large circuit, the size of the sample matrix increases as the number of monomial terms scale polynomially. The size of the sample matrix influences sampling cost. In such a case, a circuit of 100 layers could be grouped into 4 chunks where each chunk consists of multiple collated layers. The noise scaling function {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have a large circuit, the size of the sample matrix increases as the number of monomial terms scale polynomially. The size of the sample matrix influences sampling cost. In such a case, a circuit of 100 layers could be grouped into 4 chunks where each chunk consists of 25 collated layers. The noise scaling function {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling`
```

> treats each chunk as a layer to be scaled when the parameter `num_chunks` is used. Thus, for the 100 layer circuit grouped into 4 chunks with `degree = 2` and `fold_multiplier = 2`, only 15 noise-scaled circuits are created i.e. sample matrix is reduced to dimension $15 \times 15$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
treats each chunk as a layer to be scaled when the parameter `num_chunks` is used. Thus, for the 100 layer circuit grouped into 4 chunks with `degree = 2` and `fold_multiplier = 2`, only 15 noise-scaled circuits are created i.e. sample matrix is reduced to dimension $15 \times 15$ instead of $x \times x$.
```

Where `x` is the number of circuits without chunking.

will create a new monomial basis for the extrapolating polynomial.

$$\{1, λ_1, λ_2, λ_1^2, λ_1 λ_2, λ_2^2\}$$

The scale factor vectors change as shown below:

```{code-cell} ipython3

scale_factors_with_chunking = get_scale_factor_vectors(
   circuit,
   degree=2,
   fold_multiplier=2,
   num_chunks=2)

scale_factors_with_chunking
```

Thus, the total number of noise-scaled circuits is reduced by chunking the circuit into fewer layers to be folded.

```{code-cell} ipython3

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits with chunking: "
      f"{len(scale_factors_with_chunking)}")

print(f"Total number of noise scaled circuits without chunking: "
      f"{len(scale_factors)}")

```

How the noise-scaled circuits are chunked differs greatly as each chunk in the circuit is now equivalent to a layer to be folded via unitary folding.

```{code-cell} ipython3
from mitiq.lre.multivariate_scaling import multivariate_layer_scaling

# apply chunking
chunked_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,
 fold_multiplier = 2,
 num_chunks = 2)[1]

# skip chunking
non_chunked_circ = multivariate_layer_scaling(
 circuit,
 degree = 2,

>  fold_multiplier = 2)[1]

Reviewer: This is comparing the $\lambda_1$ term for each method of scaling, right? Might be worth spelling that out.

print("original circuit: ", circuit ,sep="\n")
print("Noise scaled circuit created with chunking: ", chunked_circ ,sep="\n")
print("Noise scaled circuit created without chunking: ",
         non_chunked_circ ,sep="\n")

```

### Noise scaling method

The default choice for unitary folding in {func}`.execute_with_lre` and {func}`.multivariate_layer_scaling` is
{func}`.fold_gates_at_random()`.

However, there are two other choices as well: {func}`.fold_all()` and {func}`.fold_global()` which can be used for the
`folding_method` parameter in {func}`.execute_with_lre`.

Note that the choice of folding method matters only when the
layers in the circuit are altered by chunking multiple layers into fewer layers. Otherwise the noise scaled circuits
created using either of the folding methods will look identical as they are created by scaling

> each layer as required.

Reviewer: This is worth upgrading to a `tip` to catch peoples attention.
